x-pack/filebeat/input/entityanalytics/provider/okta: add support for pagination batch size (#43655)
elastic/beats: docs/reference/filebeat/filebeat-input-entity-analytics.md

The time between Okta API rate limit resets. Expressed as a duration string (e.g., 1m, 3h, 24h). Defaults to `1m` (1 minute).

#### `batch_size` [_batch_size]

> The pagination batch size for requests. If it zero or negative, the API default is used, 200.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pagination batch size for requests. If it's zero or negative, the API default of 200 is used.
```

Author: Fixed grammar, retained structure otherwise.
